member
hi everyone welcome to my kitchen in
Paris I'm check we're cooking and today
I would like to show you how to prepare
fish and chips it's easy to make and
delicious so let's get started to begin
this recipe take a big bowl add flour
and beer mix gently and when everything
is incorporated you can add the egg
Yorker mix it gently again and now you
can add the baking powder and salt and
pepper to your taste mix again and now
you can place on your fridge for 1 hour
after one hour you can add white snow
and mix very gently now take a plate add
flour and wall of a fish in the flour
next step add the fish in the
preparation and now you can place in hot
oil and cook four minutes on each side
when the fish is Gordon Brown it's ready
after that you can place of a fish on
the paper to remove the excess oiler you
can serve these fish and chips with some
french fries and tartar sauce it's very
delicious I hope so much you will enjoy
this recipe don't hesitate to comment my
video please add a green thumb join me
on facebook follow me on twitter you can
share my video and also subscribe to my
youtube channel I'm check my cooking and
a few era Bon Appetit bye bye
you